"" "After crossing the sea, Kadru, with the help of his sister, alighted near the horse"
They found that the first of the fastest horses, the horse, was white, like the moon, and had black hair on its tail
Pointing to the fact that the horse had a lot of black hair on its tail, Kathru made the extremely beleaguered reaction his slave
She lost the race and was devastated to hear that she had entered into slavery
At the same time, the personification of his willpower, the ability to go where he thought he wanted, the power of Gandhi, the power of Gandhi, the power of his mind, the power of his hands, when his time came, he brightened all the points of the universe and broke the egg without the help of his mother
He shone fearfully with the light of a heap of fire
The bird, with a lightning - like vision and Gandhi like the fire of the end of the era, grew faster as soon as he was born, grew bigger and flew in the sky
He was a fierce and passionate man, and he looked like a second sea fire.
All the gods who saw him were frightened and sought protection from the fire from Vibhas
And they bowed down to the image of the god sitting on his throne, and they said these words, O fire, do not multiply your body, and do you not eat us? "" "Here, these big, conical threads keep multiplying." "" "Fire said," "" O oppressors of demons, not as you think. "
He is like me in the light, in the darkness of the mighty, in the joy of the mighty.
The bright light that you see has caused this frenzy in you
He is the destroyer of the Nagas, the great son of the Khasibar, and the benefactor of the gods, and the enemy of the Tahitians and the giants.
Dont worry about him.
Come with me.
"The gods saw him from a distance and said," "You are the sage who knows all the mantras, who shares the vast portion of the knowledge available in the Vedas, you are the one who always shines, you are the leader of the movement and the invincible, you are the destroyer of everything, you are the creator of everything, you are the Lord of all things, you are the Lord of all things, you are the Lord of all things, you are the Lord of all things, the Lord of all things, the Lord of all things, the Lord of all things, the Lord of all things, the Lord of all things, the Lord of all things. You are the Lord of Indra, the Lord of all the heavens and the Lord of the earth, Lord of all things, You are the Lord of all the earth, the heavens and the waters of the earth." ""
Thou art the spirit that encompasseth us, the spirit that passeth by: thou art God unto the gods. thou art the great truth, the fear, the fear: thou art the immaculate Brahman, the power of the sun, the works of the will, thou art our saviour, the ocean of the gods, the holy man, the nature of darkness, thou art the possessor of the six guns. thou art the one that cannot overcome us. thou art created of thyself, the one that doeth wonders.
You are the One who reveals to us all that is, all that is, all that is not, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is, all that is not, all that is.
A Fiery Furnace a Flame! As the sun burns all living things in its fury, so are you he who burns all things. O terrible one, you shall not perish, though all is consumed by fire in a flood.
O mighty Dark One, we beg you for our safety.
Oh the birds! You, O God, are the one who shines like a lightning, with the power beyond what is normal, and Gandhi like a fire, which does not pass through, and you touch the clouds, for you are the cause and cause, and you are the giver of gifts, and the invincible one. This universe, like gold, has been heated up by your gandhi
Save the gods of the spirits of the dead, that fly about in the earth in their carriages, for fear of you.
The best of the birds! Thou art the Lord of all, the Son of the Merciful, the High Spirit, the Son of Gasibar, be merciful, not angry with the universe.
Turn away your anger, and save us: for you are the chief of all.
With your voice, O bird, you make the ten points of the universe, the sky, the heavens, the earth, and our hearts to tremble.
Let your body condense like fire
When we see you with an angry Yamana-like Gandhi, we are shaken by the loss of peace in our hearts.
Oh the birds! O Lord, have mercy on us, have mercy on us. O Lord, grant us mercy. "Wish us happiness and success." ""
This lovely bird, so admired by the gods and the saints, reduced its power and Gandhi.
