"The sun and the moon said," "After hearing everything, the beautiful winged bird saw his body and shortened his figure"
"" "Don't be afraid," "the bird said to the black man," "I am shrinking my strength because you are afraid of my terrible figure." ""
"The Saudi continued," "The bird was able to stay where it liked, and how much power, and how much power, and how much power, and how much power he desired, and carrying Arunan on his back, followed his father's house and landed on the beach on his mother's side across the ocean." ""
But the sun, when it decided to burn the world with its own rays, had placed the Great Sun in the East.
Saunagar said, When did the laudable Sun decide to burn the world? What did the gods do to provoke him to anger? "" "In the version of Manmadanathathathathathar, he says," "" "O Sins, the Sun and the Moon have betrayed the fact that Raghu, who was standing by the gods, drank the amutha while cutting the sea of milk for Amutha" "". "" ""
"He said," "The enmity of Raghu started from my desire to do good to the Gods"
"" "I'm the only one who enjoys it"
"" "I didn't get any help at that time"
I am going to be swallowed up in front of all the heavenly beings, and they are going to quietly allow this
"So, I am going to destroy the world." ""
From there, he expressed his heat everywhere to destroy the world.
"The great sages, who went to the gods, said," "Behold, this great heat comes in the middle of the night to frighten every heart and destroy all the three worlds." ""
The gods, along with the sages, went to the Great Master and asked him, Why is this heat so hot and scary today? The sun has not yet risen, but the end of the world is evident
What happens if he does? "He said," "Today, the sun is ready for the destruction of the world"
Whenever he shows up, he burns everything to ashes
"" "I have already done that"
Everyone knows Arunan, the intelligent son of Kashibar
He, along with his large body and great Gandhi, stands in front of the sun and is his rider and takes away all the power of the former
"This action will ensure the welfare of the world, the saints and the devotees of God." ""
"The Saudis continued," "Arunan did whatever he wanted to do as per the orders of the Great Master."
Arun's body exhumed by the sun
Why was I so angry? How was his brother Arunan appointed as his charioteer? I said that.
Ask the next question that you asked a while ago.
