"Saudi said," "The mighty bird, who can go to any place of his choice, went to his mother's place and landed on the beach"
There, Vidai failed the race and lived a miserable life as a slave
"When Kathru fell down to worship her and asked her a question, Kadru said in front of her son," "Oh, the soft question, in the middle of the ocean, there is a place where no one can reach, where beautiful and delightful snakes live." ""
"Take me there." ""
At the behest of his mother, he carried the snakes on his back
The astrologer, who was born to Vinda, stood up to the sun
So the snakes were shot by the suns rays and fainted
"Seeing the plight of her nephews, Kadru implored Indra," "I worship you God!" I worship you, you who killed the prize! I adore you, O you that kill the same. you that have thousands of eyes, O son of Zacchaeus, save with your drops of rain those that are bitten by the sun.
O, the best of Gods! You are our best friend
Oh priest! You are the one who orders the rain in the rainy season
You are the gas, the cloud, the fire, the lightning in the sky, you are the one who spreads the clouds, you are the great cloud that darkens the universe at the end of the age.
You are the unique, the terrible thunder and the thundering clouds
You created the world and destroyed it.
You cant win.
You are the light of all living beings, Adithya, Vibhas, and the wonderful Gods.
You are the God of all gods.
You are Lord Vishnu! You, God, are the ultimate security.
O, God! You are the greatest and the most admired man
Moon Day You, You, You are a minute, a minute, a minute, a four minute.
You grow and you grow.
The fault is you, the cast is you, the art is you
You are the year, the seasons are you, the months are you, the nights are you, the days are you.
You are a beautiful land, full of mountains and forests
The sky is your sunshine
You are the ocean full of whales, whales, fish, and other creatures.
You are the one who is admired by the sages and the wise
You are the one who drinks the lethargy of yokes, the pure ghee with spells, for the benefit of all living beings in the world.
You are the one who is always worshipped by the Brahmans who desire the fruits of desire.
You are the Almighty, the One who is recited in the Scriptures and in the Scriptures.
"You are the reason why learned Brahmins always pray and study the Vedas with great care." ""
