"Saudi said," "The rain-soaked snakes were very happy after that"
The beautiful winged bird rushed to the island to carry itself
The island was determined by the Creator of the universe as the location of the pollen
There they saw a terrible sea of salt
Those who came with Garuda felt that there was a beautiful underwater forest on the seabed and that the music of the feathered musicians was everywhere
There, clusters of trees were filled with a variety of flowers and fruits
There were beautiful mansions and lakes full of lotus trees
There were many lakes with clean water
There was excitement because of the fresh air
There were many trees that grew only in the Malayan hills, whose heights were so high that they could reach the sky.
In many other trees, their flowers fell and spread beautifully with the help of a thicket
Thus, the forest was beautiful and always a delight and a delight for the devotees
It was full of intoxicating beetles eating wine from flowers.
"" "All these scenes were very enjoyable"
For many reasons, the forest was pleasing, beautiful and sacred
It echoed the sounds of many birds and brought joy to the grandsons of Katru
The snakes came to the forest and spent their time happily
"To the mighty King of the birds, the Lord said," "Lead us to some other beautiful, clean, watery island."
"Since you don't fly, you must have seen so many beautiful places when you fly in the wind." ""
"After thinking about it for some time, Garu asked his mother," "Mother, why should I do all these orders of these snakes?" "When asked about this, he said," "O best of all birds, I have become a slave to my brother." ""
"The snakes cheated me, defeated me in the race and put me in this situation." ""
Upon hearing his mother say this, the skydiver was so distressed that he asked the snakes, O snakes, if I bring something, or if I get some knowledge of something, or if I do any heroic act, then tell us that we will be free from this slavery.
The Saudis continued, the snakes heard this, Bring the elixir of your strength.
O bird, then you will be free from your bondage.
