"Saudi said," "When the snakes said this, Garuda said to his mother, 'I'm going to get Amudha, I want to eat something on the way.'"
Please guide me.
"" "There is a beautiful dwelling place for Nishadars in the far and near sea"
You shall eat the thousands of Nishad there, and you shall bring them for your offerings.
But do not try to take the life of a Brahmin into your mind
The Brahmin should not be killed in all living beings.
He's really like a fire.
When a Brahmin becomes angry, he becomes like a fire, or like the sun, or a weapon with a sharp end, or a poison.
The Brahmin is said to be the leader of all living beings.
For this and other reasons, the Brahmin is revered among the virtuous
O my son! If you are angry, do not kill Brahmins.
So it is not good to have animosity with Brahmins under any circumstances
O mad one! Even the sun and the fire cannot burn like the fire of a brahmin who had severe fasts
You can find a good Brahmin with many such references
The Brahman is the first of the four varnas of all living beings and he becomes the father and leader of all living beings.
He said, Oh God! What is the shape of a Brahmin? What was his behaviour like? What powers do they have? Is he as bright as fire? Or is he being cautious? Oh mother, what are the best signs to identify a Brahmin? "You have to answer me." ""
He said, Oh God! When you get into your throat, you should know that the one who causes you pain is the best among the Brahmans, like a fish or burning coal.
"You should not kill any Brahmin in anger." ""
"" "He who cannot be digested by your intestines, know that he is a good Brahmin," "she said, recalling her affection for her son"
Confused and disappointed by the snakes, she blessed her son with all her heart, even though she knew of his unique strength
"" "Let the wind of Marudan keep your wings, the sun and the moon keep your spine, the fire of your head, the spears save your whole body."
I am here for your benefit
O mad one! "Do your job safely." ""
"" "The Saudi continued," "" "Hearing these words of his mother, Garh stretched out his wings and climbed up into the sky" ""
The rich and hungry man hurried and fell on the soothsayers like another building.
Wanting to kill the Nishadars, he created a huge dust storm in the area, hid the sky, absorbed water from the sea, and shook the trees that grew in the mountains.
The king of the birds, with his mouth, closed the main gates of the city of the Nishadars and enlarged the gate
The Nishadas ran in the direction of his open mouth, eating the snake with great speed.
Just as thousands of birds roared into the sky from the trees of the forest, blinded by the dust of the storm, the Nishadas fell into the open to welcome them
Then the chief of the astrologers, the one who destroyed those enemies, the one who had great power, the one who moved with great profit to finish his work, the one who was hungry, [and] the one who shut his mouth [with his mouth], killed countless fishermen.
