"" "A Brahmin, along with his wife, entered the applicant's throat"
The former shot the bird in the throat as if it were a woodpecker
"He said to him," "O Brahmin, when you open my mouth for you, get out quickly."
"Even if a Brahmin is involved in any sinister act, I should not have been killed." ""
"When he said this, the Brahmin said," "Oh, let this Nishat, my wife, also come out with me." ""
"Then he said to her," "Take this woman of the tribe of Nishad with you and come out quickly."
"Protect yourself from the heat of my intestines, as you are not yet digested." ""
"" "After that the Brahmin came out with his wife of the Nishad caste and praised Garuda and went the way he wanted"
As soon as the Brahmin came out with his wife, the king of the bird spread out his wings and flew up with speed
And then he saw his father, and he spoke to the impeccable black man he called, and he spoke to him correctly.
The saint said, O king! You are fine? Do you eat out everyday? Do you get enough food in the world of humans? "" "My mother is fine."
My brother and I are the same
But Father, I don't always get enough food, so I don't have peace in my heart.
I have been sent by snakes to bring a wonderful miracle
To free my mother from slavery, I must bring it today
My mother ordered me to feed the Nishatars
I ate them in thousands, but my hunger was not satisfied.
Therefore, O you worthy of praise, show me some other food, so that I may be strong enough to take the elixir of life.
"Please suggest me the right food to quench my hunger and thirst." ""
"" "The lake you see is very sacred"
It is also known in the world of God.
It has an elephant with its face downwards, constantly pulling its brother turtle
Let me tell you in detail about the rivalry between the two from the beginning
I'll explain why they're here. Listen carefully.
There was a time when there was a saint called Vibhavasur
"" "He was very angry"
He had one younger brother.
Later, his brother refused to share his wealth with his brother.
Supreggan was always talking about division
"Some time later, Vibhavasur said to Supratika," "It is a great folly for humans to want to divide their ancestral wealth through the blind desire for wealth"
After splitting the inheritance, they will continue to fight with each other over the illusory illusions of wealth
Then, under the guise of friends between the ignorant and the selfish, the enemies point out the flaws and create divisions, the conflict becomes stronger, and the latter fall one after the other.
"" "The complete disaster will reach the affected people very soon"
For this reason, the wise do not approve of the split between brothers, so that the dissenting brothers live in fear of one another, shunning official literature
"" "But you, Suparika, do not accept my advice, you always want to arrange your personal wealth in order to be divided and therefore you will be sacrificed as an elephant." ""
"This cursed Supratika looked at Vibhavasura and cursed him, saying," "You and I will pass through as a moving tortoise in the middle of you." ""
Such fools as Suprathikan and Vibhavasur cursed each other for their wealth and became elephants and goats respectively
Because of their anger, they became such low animals.
They are proud of their wealth and their body weight, and they are constantly creating animosity among themselves
The two big animals in the lake are perfectly suited for their ancestral enmity
Here's a look at one of them, this big, handsome elephant, is still getting closer.
An underwater elephant with a large body can hear the elephants splash and come out and violently mix the lake
Upon seeing the turtle, the elephant turns its praise and runs into the water
With great power, it mixes the movement of its teeth, its praise, its tail and its feet with the waters of the lake full of fish
The mighty turtle is also coming forward to attack with its head raised
The elephant is six yojana in height and twice its circumference
The tortoise has a height of three yojanas and a circumference of ten yojanas
Let them both eat, for they are mad, and ready to attack each other, and then do what you will.
"" "Feed the ferocious elephant, which looks like a mountain, like a flock of black clouds, and bring the elixir." ""
"" "The Saudis went on," "he said to Garuda," "you will be blessed when you fight with the gods"
Oh the chicken! May the Poorna Kumbh, the Brahmans, the cows and other holy things bless you
O Wonderful! "May Rick, Yajur, Cham, and the sacred ghee, and all the mysteries and Upanishads, strengthen you when you are fighting with the gods." ""
He went to the lake with Garh, who was blessed by his father
He saw a variety of birds around the lake in the clear waters
The aviator remembered his father's words and clung the elephant on one leg and the tortoise on the other
Then the bird flew high
Upon reaching the holy place of Alamba Tirtha, he found many divine trees
With the wind blowing from his wings, the trees began to tremble with fear
The golden tree with its branches feared that we might be broken
Seeing the trees that gave the desired gifts tremble with fear, the astronaut sought out other trees of unique beauty
The great trees were branches of gold and silver, and fruit bearing precious stones and gems
They were cleaned by sea water
"When the king of the birds approached the tree, which was the largest of the trees, he said," "Sit on my big branch, which is a hundred yojanas wide, and feed the elephant and the tortoise." ""
As he sat on the branch of the banyan tree, which was full of leaves and was home to thousands of winged creatures, the best of all birds, with a mountainlike body and great speed, the branch broke down.
