"Saudi continued," "As soon as he touched the mighty black trunk with his feet, the branch of the tree broke and he grabbed it with his hands"
With his eyes turned in wonder, he saw the saints hanging upside down from it and making mistakes
Realizing that if the branch fell, the sages would be killed, the mighty man held the elephant and the tortoise tighter
Fearing that the sages would be killed, and wanting to save them, he lifted the branch with his arm and waved his wings.
The great sages were amazed at what even the gods could not do and gave the mighty bird a name
"The Volgiliers said," "He who eats snakes as food, and is the first of the birds and the heavier of the birds, while carrying a heavy load, is known to have lifted up his wings and carried a great load with the womb." ""
When he climbed up with the elephant and the tortoise, he looked down at the various parts below
He wanted to save the Volgiliers and found no place to sit
Finally, he went to the top of the mountains, Mount Kandhamal
There he saw his father who was engaged in penance with dedication
The skydiver, who was in the divine form, who could not be conquered by the gods, the powerful, the strong and the strong, the wind, the passionate, who was as big as the mountain, who was ready to strike like the curse of the Brahman, who could not understand, who could not describe, who scared all life, who had great power, who could not be conquered by the gods, by the demons, by the fire, who split the mountain, who could drink the ocean, who could destroy all the three worlds, who was as fierce as his son, who could not stand the sight of his mother.
The famous cashier, who noticed that he was getting close to him, knew his purpose and said, Oh the gosh! Don't do things that you don't want to do, and you're going to get hurt.
"These valkyries, who are alive after drinking the sun's rays, will scatter you in anger." ""
"Saudi continued," "To appease the well - known valkyriyas, who were incinerated by the scoundrels, and to burn their sins by the saintliness of the saintliness of the saintliness of the saintliness of the saintliness of the saintliness of the saintliness," "for the sake of his son, Ghasib said," "O you who possess spirituality, the works of darkness, acts of goodness to all living." ""
"" "It's a difficult task"
"Please allow him." ""
"He continued," "Those monks, who were requested by the famous ghazal, left the branch and went to the holy Himalayas to compose their penances"
"When the sages left, the son of the question, holding the branch in his mouth and with a voice interrupted, said to Gachir," "Oh, my lord!" Where do I throw the branch of this tree? O Wonderful! Show me a part where there are no men. '
Cassieber spoke of a mountain where ordinary creatures could not even approach, with caves and snowcapped valleys
The great eagle carried a branch, an elephant, and a tortoise and flew toward the mountain
Even if he built the big tree trunk with a hundred pieces of animal skin, he would not be able to build it around
With the King of Birds, Garuda, he flew over a hundred thousand plans in a very short time
The skydiver, in a second, followed his father's direction and reached the mountain and dropped the giant branch
It fell with a bang.
The prince of the mountains was shaken by a storm that struck with the wings of the eagle
Trees and plants are being felled.
The peaks, adorned with jewels and gold, collapsed on all sides
The falling branch fell on the trees with golden flowers in the midst of the dark leafy clusters, like the lightening clouds
The trees, which glow like gold, fell, were dyed with mountain metals and glowed like they bathed in the sun
Then, with the best of the birds, black, sitting on the top of the mountain, he had an elephant and a tortoise, and left the mountain and flew at great speed
Various evil omens appeared and frightened the gods
Indra's favourite diamond weapon sparkles with fear
The meteorites from the sky fell with fire and smoke during the day
The weapons of the Vasus, the Rudras, the Aadiyas, the Sabaeans, the Doctors and other Gods have spent their power within themselves
Such a thing has never happened even during the Devasura war
Lightning kills thousands of people
Though the sky was cloudy, it was drizzling
God showers blood on the gods
The garlands around the necks of the gods faded away
Brutal clouds and heavy rain
The dust from the breeze caused the crowns of the gods to fade and fade away
Seeing these evil obstacles, Indra, who performed thousands of pujas with fear in the presence of other gods, asked Brahaspati, O worthy of worship, why did these natural calamities arise suddenly? "I don't see any enemy in the war." ""
"Brahaspati said," "O Lord of the Gods, O Lord of the Thousand Prayers, Your fault and inattention, and the spiritual fault of the great sage Valagilya, are the reasons for all this"
The bird is one of the most powerful birds in the world and can make you feel lazy.
He can easily achieve what he cannot
"" "When Indra heard these words, he said to the Amudha guards," "" "A bird of great strength and power is planning to rob Amudha" ""
He must not steal it, so I warn you in advance.
"" "He is immensely powerful," "he said."
The gods were surprised to hear this and took safety measures
They stood around Amudha, and with them stood Indra, a mighty man of valour and diamond.
The deities wore jewels of gold and golden armour, and armlets of solid and shiny leather
The mighty Gods wore a variety of weapons with different pointed and terrifying figures
All those weapons, which were without number, had flashes of fire and smoke on their bodies, and on their wheels, and on their wheels, and on their axes of iron, and on their axes, and on their axes, and on all sides, and on all sides, and on all sides, and on all sides, and on all sides, and on all sides, and on all sides.
The gods waited there, wearing bright weapons and divine ornaments, illuminated and allayed their fears
The gods with their unmatched strength, power and brilliance were determined to protect Amum
They looked like fire, capable of destroying the cities of the Asuras
The gods stood there with hundreds of thousands of iron stories, and the place was like another sky brightened by the rays of the sun
