The saint said, O king! What is wrong with Indira Gandhi? What did he do wrong? How was the birth of the black child the result of the apocalypse? How did Casiaphas come to have the king of the birds as his son? How is he invincible and indestructible? How does the skydiver manage to reach the desired destination and reach the desired destination? If these details are in mythology, I would like to hear them.
"Saudi replied," "All you ask for is in mythology"
I will explain everything in detail.
There was a time when Kashibar, the chief of living beings, prayed for the birth of his son and he was helped by the sages, the devas and the Gandharas
Casiapar commissioned Indra, along with the monks Valakilyars and other gods, to bring in the fuel required for the procession
Lord Indra carried the heavy burden of the mountain according to his strength without any difficulty
On the way, Valagilya saw all the sages with the size of a thumbs and they were carrying a stick of palazza leaves
The sages were so skinny without food that their bodies were hidden inside their bodies.
"" "They were so weak that they had to struggle so much as to drown in the stagnant water in the hole created by the cows' hooves on the way"
The Purandaran (Indra) was proud of his strength and not only overcame them, but also looked at them and laughed at them.
With great anger and pain, these disgraced sages organised a big procession to intimidate Indra
Oh priest! "Those sages, who are wise, wise and good to fulfill their wish to listen, leave pure ghee and shout" "" "May another Indra be the fear of the Lord of the gods, who can go wherever he wills and reach whatever power he wishes" "" ""
As a result of our sins, let anyone be swift about hearing, slow about speaking, slow about wrath.
Upon hearing this, the chief of the gods, who had made a thousand vows, was terrified and sought refuge with a fasting gazer.
Kashibar, the king of Prajapati, after hearing everything from Indra, went to the valkyars and asked them if their mission was successful
"Those sages who spoke the truth said," "Let it happen as you say". ""
Monks, you too are trying to produce another Indra! The best you can do is not to deny the words of Lord Brahma
Do not let this effort go in vain
And when there appears to be among them a well - to - do and a skilful one, be kind to him who is obedient to you.
Such a request was made by the Gachibowli to Prajapati Kashiyar, the chief of the sages, who paid his respects and began to speak
The saint said, O king! This wave is being conducted by all of us for a Indra! Indeed, he was born to you as a son, and We leave in your hands the consequence of that.
"Do what is right and good in this case." ""
"Saudis continued," "Then she had asked a question of her mind, of her good fortune, of her fasting, and of the goodness of Dakhshan." ""
"The Cashier said to her," "I'm honored to have done this work, and it's now bearing fruit"
You will get what you want.
You will have two brave sons, the leaders of the three worlds.
With the pure purpose of my mission and the saintliness of the valkyriyas, those sons will be highly respected and venerated in the world of the dead.
These two are the leaders of all living beings.
"These brave astronauts will be respected by all three worlds for their ability to reach their intended target." ""
"Satisfied with what had happened, Prajapati said to Indra, who prayed a thousand times," "You will get two brothers of great strength and courage to help you"
They will not harm you.
You will be the leader of everyone.
Never underestimate those who are chanting the name of Lord Brahma
"Don't insult those who are saying such words to the angry people." ""
Upon hearing this, Indra gave up his fear and went to Devaloka
She was happy to have fulfilled her mission
She had two sons, Arunan and Garudan
Arunan, who was born with a weak body, stood as a driver for the sun
Garudon was given the leadership of the birds
Oh my goodness! Listening carefully to the great achievements of Garudan.
